"Live is a drag race when you in last place." - Juice WRLD

"Time heals all wounds, but time can leave the nastiest scars." - Juice WRLD

"It's so true that money can't buy everything, but most of things can buy with money." - Unknown

"I demand privacy not because my actions are questionable but because your judgement is." - Unknown

"Arguing that you don't care about the right to privacy because you have nothing to hide is no different than saying you don't care about free speech because you have nothing to." - Ed Snowden

"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain

“I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.” – Michael Jordan

"Just follow all your dreams and when you reach them celebrate, that’s the only way to truly make the haters suffocate." - Juice WRLD

“Only the paranoid survive.” – Andy Grove

“Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.” – Mary Kay Ash

“It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth

“If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore.” – Michele Ruiz

“We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.” – Arianna Huffington

“You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.” - William W. Purkey

“Fairy tales are more than true not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.” - Neil Gaiman

“Everything you can imagine is real.” - Pablo Picasso

“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.” - Helen Keller

“It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.” - Lewis Carroll

“Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.” – Socrates

“Whatever you are, be a good one.” - Abraham Lincoln

“You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.” – Unknown

“Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe

“Impossible is just an opinion.” – Paulo Coelho

“If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it.” – Elon Musk

“One day or day one. You decide.” – Unknown

“The hard days are what make you stronger.” – Aly Raisman

“If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles.” – Wayne Dyer

“Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.” – Theodore Roosevelt

“You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.” – Shonda Rhimes

“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” – George Lorimer

“I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be.” – Michelle Obama

“In a gentle way, you can shake the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi

“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” – Kurt Cobain

“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” – Roy T. Bennett

“Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise.” – Frank Ocean

“Dreams don’t work unless you do.” – John C. Maxwell

“Keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you.” – Walt Whitman

“What defines us is how well we rise after falling.” – Lionel from Maid in Manhattan Movie

"H.O.P.E. = Hold On Pain Ends" - Unknown

“Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.” – Chris Grosser

“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.” – Maya Angelou

“If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.” – Katharine Hepburn

“You were born to be a player. You were meant to be here. This moment is yours.” – Herb Brooks

“I never lose. Either I win or learn.” – Nelson Mandela

“Never regret anything that made you smile.” – Mark Twain

“Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.” – Ken Poirot

“If you want to fly give up everything that weighs you down.” – Buddha

“Focus on being productive instead of busy.” – Tim Ferriss

"When someone says you can’t do it, do it twice and take pictures." - Unknown

“Sunshine all the time makes a desert.” – Arabic Proverb

"You’re so much stronger than your excuses" - Unknown

"Don’t compare yourself to others. Be like the sun and the moon and shine when it’s your time." - Unknown

"Don’t tell everyone your plans, instead show them your results." - Unknown

"It’s never too late to be what you might’ve been." – George Eliot

“Try not to become a man of success, but rather become a man of value.” – Albert Einstein

“A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.” – Nelson Mandela

“The question isn’t who is going to let me; It’s who is going to stop me.” – Ayn Rand

“Oh yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.” – The Lion King

“We’re on the brink of adventure, children. Don’t spoil it with questions.” – Mary Poppins

“I’m going to make him an offer he can’t refuse.” – The Godfather

“Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.” – Ferris Bueller

“I just wanna let them know that they didn’t break me.” – Pretty in Pink

“The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.” – Pirates of the Caribbean

“No one has ever made a difference by being like everyone else.” – The Greatest Showman

“Remember you’re the one who can fill the world with sunshine.” – Snow White

“Spend a little more time trying to make something of yourself and a little less time trying to impress people.” – The Breakfast Club

“And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance, I hope you dance.” – I Hope You Dance, Lee Ann Womack

“Just because it burns doesn’t mean you’re gonna die you’ve gotta get up and try.” – Try, P!nk

“You don’t have to be perfect to be amazing.” – Unknown

“If you think someone could use a friend. Be one.” – Unknown

“Do the right thing even when no one is looking.” – Unknown

The best way to predict your future is to create it.” – Abraham Lincoln

“Successful people are not gifted; They just work hard, then succeed on purpose.” – G.K. Nielson

“Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.” – Sam Levenson

“Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die.” – Brian Vaszily

“Work until your rivals become idols.” – Drake

“Wealth isn’t about having a lot of money it’s about having a lot of options.” – Chris Rock

“There may be people that have more talent than you, but there’s no excuse for anyone to work harder than you.” – Derek Jeter

“The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.” – William Arthur Ward

“When you know your worth, no one can make you feel worthless.” – Unknown

“If you’ve never eaten while crying you don’t know what life tastes like.” - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” – Mother Teresa

“Once you do know what the question actually is, you’ll know what the answer means.” - Douglas Adams

“The two most important days in your life are the day you’re born and the day you find out why.” - Mark Twain

“Nothing ever goes away until it teaches us what we need to know.” – Pema Chodron

"We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves.” – Bruce Lee

“Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you’re wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn’t love you anymore.” - Lady Gaga

“Read, read, read. Read everything — trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it. Just like a carpenter who works as an apprentice and studies the master. Read! You’ll absorb it. Then write. If it’s good, you’ll find out. If it’s not, throw it out of the window.” - William Faulkner

“The best revenge is massive success.” – Frank Sinatra

“What’s on the other side of fear? Nothing.” – Jamie Foxx

“A goal is a dream with a deadline.” – Napoleon Hill

“It’s never too late for a new beginning in your life.” – Joyce Meyers

“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” - Mahatma Gandhi

“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.” - Leo Tolstoy

“Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.” – George Bernard Shaw

“Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.” – John F. Kennedy

“It’s not your salary that makes you rich, it’s your spending habits.” – Charles A. Jaffe

“Don’t stay in bed unless you can make money in bed.” – George Burns

“You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you.” – Dave Ramsey

“Don’t give up, don’t take anything personally, and don’t take no for an answer.” – Sophia Amoruso

“Don’t be upset when people reject you. Nice things are rejected all the time by people who can’t afford them.” – Unknown

“Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do” - Pele

“I want to be remembered as the one who tried.” – Dr. Dorothy Height

“Forget your excuses. You either want it bad or don’t want it at all.” – Unknown

“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” - Winston Churchill

“People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.” - Rob Siltanen

“If you don't build your dream someone else will hire you to help build theirs.” - Tony Gaskins

“Don't let the voice of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice.” - Steve Jobs

“Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” - Jim Rohn

“Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better.” - Jim Rohn

“We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them.” - Albert Einstein

“Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.” — Mahatma Gandhi

“Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.” — Mark Twain

“It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest.” - Walter Anderson

“When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.” - Norman Vincent Peale

“Trust get you killed, love get you hurt and being real gets you hated.” - 2Pac

“Misconception of free software is about price.” - Unknown

“Sometimes crying is the only way your eyes speak when your mouth can't explain how broken your heart is.” - Gon

“Hurting someone's feelings is as easy as throwing a rock lake, but do you know how deep that rock can go?” - Unknown

“I prefer dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery.” - Thomas Jefferson
